There are two non-functional requirements in this study case. To some extend, I agree using Input-Space Partitioning(ISP) approach for the first requirement, but I'm not agree with apply it on the second requirement.

Regarding the first requriement, we can apply ISP on it. This is a requirement of user data security. By seperating details into different sub sets, we can then create test cases accordingly. These test cases can verify that sensitive information is encrypted during the transmission and storage. However, it is important not to use real customer information or access the storage database during testing to ensure security. Instead, we should utilize dummy data, mock services or even sandbox environment to test the system. There should be strict resistencies for any unauthorized access to any real client information details or storage database. And by using, dummy user data, mock services, and sandbox environment will achieve this promise.

For the second requirement, ISP will not be the most effective test approach for it. This requirement is about a non-functional requirement of accessiblity of the system. And ISP requires to split the test data into finite sub set, this will lead to insufficient coverage for the all possible scenarios when system being used by large number of concurrent users. Thus, we need to utilize load testing or stress testing for the concurrent requirement. Load testing or stress testing will provide evidence of whether the system can handle real-world scenarios and evaluate the system's performance as well as stability under high concurrency. However, ISP can be still useful for seperating test data for test cases.

In a conclusion, my suggestion for testing these non-functional requirements in this study case is to use ISP for the first requirement testing while applying dummy data, mock services and sandbox environment to prevent breaches of client information. And using load testing or stress testing for the second requirement.
